

##[Predefined Macros](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/b0084kay.aspx)

###Standard predefined identifier
	__func__
 The unqualified and unadorned name of the enclosing function as a function-local static const array of char.

###Standard predefined macros
	__cplusplus 
Defined as an integer literal value when the translation unit is compiled as C++. Otherwise, undefined.

	__DATE__ 
The compilation date of the current source file. The date is a constant length string literal of the form Mmm dd yyyy. The month name Mmm is the same as the abbreviated month name in dates generated by the C Runtime Library asctime function. The first character of date dd is a space if the value is less than 10. This macro is always defined.

	__FILE__ 
The name of the current source file. __FILE__ expands to a character string literal. To ensure that the full path to the file is displayed, use /FC (Full Path of Source Code File in Diagnostics). This macro is always defined.

	__LINE__ 
Defined as the integer line number in the current source file. The value of the __LINE__ macro can be changed by using a #line directive. This macro is always defined.

	__STDC__ 
Defined as 1 only when compiled as C and if the /Za compiler option is specified. Otherwise, undefined.

	__STDC_HOSTED__ 
Defined as 1 if the implementation is a hosted implementation, one that supports the entire required standard library. Otherwise, defined as 0.

	__STDCPP_THREADS__ 
Defined as 1 if and only if a program can have more than one thread of execution, and compiled as C++. Otherwise, undefined.

	__TIME__ 
The time of translation of the preprocessed translation unit. The time is a character string literal of the form hh:mm:ss, the same as the time returned by the C Runtime Library asctime function. This macro is always defined.

###Microsoft-specific predefined macros

	_WIN32
 Defined as 1 when the compilation target is 32-bit ARM, 64-bit ARM, x86, or x64. Otherwise, undefined.

	_WIN64
 Defined as 1 when the compilation target is 64-bit ARM or x64. Otherwise, undefined.


	_DEBUG 
Defined as 1 when the /LDd, /MDd, or /MTd compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_DLL 
Defined as 1 when the /MD or /MDd (Multithreaded DLL) compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_CPPRTTI 
Defined as 1 if the /GR (Enable Run-Time Type Information) compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_ATOM__ 
Defined as 1 when the /favor:ATOM compiler option is set and the compiler target is x86 or x64. Otherwise, undefined.

	__AVX__ 
Defined as 1 when the /arch:AVX or /arch:AVX2 compiler options are set and the compiler target is x86 or x64. Otherwise, undefined.

	__AVX2__ 
Defined as 1 when the /arch:AVX2 compiler option is set and the compiler target is x86 or x64. Otherwise, undefined.

	_CHAR_UNSIGNED 
Defined as 1 if the default char type is unsigned. This is set when the /J (Default char Type Is unsigned) compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	__CLR_VER 
Defined as an integer literal that represents the version of the common language runtime used when the application was compiled. The value is encoded in the form Mmmbbbbb, where M is the major version of the runtime, mm is the minor version of the runtime, and bbbbb is the build number. __CLR_VER is defined if the /clr compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_CONTROL_FLOW_GUARD 
Defined as 1 when the /guard:cf (Enable Control Flow Guard) compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	__COUNTER__ 
Expands to an integer literal that starts at 0 and is incremented by 1 every time it is used in a source file or included headers of the source file. __COUNTER__ remembers its state when you use precompiled headers. This macro is always defined.

		This example uses __COUNTER__ to assign unique identifiers to three different objects of the same type. The exampleClass constructor takes an integer as a parameter. In main, the application declares three objects of type exampleClass, using __COUNTER__ as the unique identifier parameter:
		
		C++
		// macro__COUNTER__.cpp  
		// Demonstration of __COUNTER__, assigns unique identifiers to  
		// different objects of the same type.  
		// Compile by using: cl /EHsc /W4 macro__COUNTER__.cpp  
		#include <stdio.h>  
		
		class exampleClass {  
		    int m_nID;  
		public:  
		    // initialize object with a read-only unique ID  
		    exampleClass(int nID) : m_nID(nID) {}  
		    int GetID(void) { return m_nID; }  
		};  
		
		int main()  
		{  
		    // __COUNTER__ is initially defined as 0  
		    exampleClass e1(__COUNTER__);  
		
		    // On the second reference, __COUNTER__ is now defined as 1  
		    exampleClass e2(__COUNTER__);  
		
		    // __COUNTER__ is now defined as 2  
		    exampleClass e3(__COUNTER__);  
		
		    printf("e1 ID: %i\n", e1.GetID());  
		    printf("e2 ID: %i\n", e2.GetID());  
		    printf("e3 ID: %i\n", e3.GetID());  
		
		    // Output  
		    // ------------------------------  
		    // e1 ID: 0  
		    // e2 ID: 1  
		    // e3 ID: 2  
		
		    return 0;  
		}  

	__cplusplus_cli 
Defined as the integer literal value 200406 when compiled as C++ and the /clr, /clr:pure, or /clr:safe compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined. When defined, __cplusplus_cli is in effect throughout the translation unit.  

	__cplusplus_winrt 
Defined as the integer literal value 201009 when compiled as C++ and the /ZW (Windows Runtime Compilation) compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.



	_CPPUNWIND 
Defined as 1 if one or more of the /GX (Enable Exception Handling), /clr (Common Language Runtime Compilation), or /EH (Exception Handling Model) compiler options are set. Otherwise, undefined.


	__FUNCDNAME__ 
Defined as a string literal that contains the decorated name of the enclosing function. The macro is defined only within a function. The __FUNCDNAME__ macro is not expanded if you use the /EP or /P compiler option.
		
			This example uses the __FUNCDNAME__, __FUNCSIG__, and __FUNCTION__ macros to display function information.
			
			C++
			// Demonstrates functionality of __FUNCTION__, __FUNCDNAME__, and __FUNCSIG__ macros
			void exampleFunction()
			{
				printf("Function name: %s\n", __FUNCTION__);
				printf("Decorated function name: %s\n", __FUNCDNAME__);
				printf("Function signature: %s\n", __FUNCSIG__);
				
				// Sample Output
				// -------------------------------------------------
				// Function name: exampleFunction
				// Decorated function name: ?exampleFunction@@YAXXZ
				// Function signature: void __cdecl exampleFunction(void)
			} 

	__FUNCSIG__ 
Defined as a string literal that contains the signature of the enclosing function. The macro is defined only within a function. The __FUNCSIG__ macro is not expanded if you use the /EP or /P compiler option. When compiled for a 64-bit target, the calling convention is __cdecl by default. For an example of usage, see the __FUNCDNAME__ macro.

	__FUNCTION__ 
Defined as a string literal that contains the undecorated name of the enclosing function. The macro is defined only within a function. The __FUNCTION__ macro is not expanded if you use the /EP or /P compiler option. For an example of usage, see the __FUNCDNAME__ macro.

	_INTEGRAL_MAX_BITS 
Defined as the integer literal value 64, the maximum size (in bits) for a non-vector integral type. This macro is always defined.


	__INTELLISENSE__
 Defined as 1 during an IntelliSense compiler pass in the Visual Studio IDE. Otherwise, undefined. You can use this macro to guard code the IntelliSense compiler does not understand, or use it to toggle between the build and IntelliSense compiler. For more information, see Troubleshooting Tips for IntelliSense Slowness.

	_ISO_VOLATILE
 Defined as 1 if the /volatile:iso compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_KERNEL_MODE
 Defined as 1 if the /kernel (Create Kernel Mode Binary) compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_AMD64
 Defined as the integer literal value 100 for compilations that target x64 processors. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_ARM
 Defined as the integer literal value 7 for compilations that target ARM processors. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_ARM_ARMV7VE
 Defined as 1 when the /arch:ARMv7VE compiler option is set for compilations that target ARM processors. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_ARM_FP
 Defined as an integer literal value that indicates which /arch compiler option was set, if the compilation target is an ARM processor. Otherwise, undefined.

In the range 30-39 if no /arch ARM option was specified, indicating the default architecture for ARM was set (VFPv3).

In the range 40-49 if /arch:VFPv4 was set.

See /arch (ARM) for more information.

	_M_ARM64
 Defined as 1 for compilations that target 64-bit ARM processors. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_CEE
 Defined as 001 if any /clr (Common Language Runtime Compilation) compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_CEE_PURE 
Defined as 001 if the /clr:pure compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_CEE_SAFE 
Defined as 001 if the /clr:safe compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_FP_EXCEPT
 Defined as 1 if the /fp:except or /fp:strict compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_FP_FAST 
Defined as 1 if the /fp:fast compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_FP_PRECISE
 Defined as 1 if the /fp:precise compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_FP_STRICT
 Defined as 1 if the /fp:strict compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_M_IX86
 Defined as the integer literal value 600 for compilations that target x86 processors. This macro is not defined for x64 or ARM compilation targets.

	_M_IX86_FP 
Defined as an integer literal value that indicates the /arch compiler option that was set, or the default. This macro is always defined when the compilation target is an x86 processor. Otherwise, undefined. When defined, the value is:

0 if the /arch:IA32 compiler option was set.

1 if the /arch:SSE compiler option was set.

2 if the /arch:SSE2, /arch:AVX or /arch:AVX2 compiler option was set. This value is the default if an /arch compiler option was not specified. When /arch:AVX is specified, the macro __AVX__ is also defined. When /arch:AVX2 is specified, both __AVX__ and __AVX2__ are also defined.

See /arch (x86) for more information.

	_M_X64 
Defined as the integer literal value 100 for compilations that target x64 processors. Otherwise, undefined.

	_MANAGED
 Defined as 1 when the /clr compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_MSC_BUILD
 Defined as an integer literal that contains the revision number element of the compiler's version number. The revision number is the fourth element of the period-delimited version number. For example, if the version number of the Visual C++ compiler is 15.00.20706.01, the _MSC_BUILD macro evaluates to 1. This macro is always defined.

	_MSC_EXTENSIONS
 Defined as 1 if the /Ze (Enable Language Extensions) compiler option is set, which is the default. Otherwise, undefined.

	_MSC_FULL_VER
 Defined as an integer literal that encodes the major, minor, and build number elements of the compiler's version number. The major number is the first element of the period-delimited version number, the minor number is the second element, and the build number is the third element. For example, if the version number of the Visual C++ compiler is 15.00.20706.01, the _MSC_FULL_VER macro evaluates to 150020706. Enter cl /? at the command line to view the compiler's version number. This macro is always defined.

	_MSC_VER
 Defined as an integer literal that encodes the major and minor number elements of the compiler's version number. The major number is the first element of the period-delimited version number and the minor number is the second element. For example, if the version number of the Visual C++ compiler is 17.00.51106.1, the _MSC_VER macro evaluates to 1700. Enter cl /? at the command line to view the compiler's version number. This macro is always defined.

	_MSVC_LANG
 Defined as an integer literal that specifies the C++ language standard targeted by the compiler. When compiled as C++, the macro is the integer literal value 201402 if the /std:c++14 compiler option is set, or by default, and it is set to a higher, unspecified value when the /std:c++latest compiler option is set. Otherwise, the macro is undefined. The _MSVC_LANG macro and /std (Specify Language Standard Version) compiler options are available beginning in Visual Studio 2015 Update 3.

	__MSVC_RUNTIME_CHECKS
 Defined as 1 when one of the /RTC compiler options is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_MT
 Defined as 1 when /MD or /MDd (Multithreaded DLL) or /MT or /MTd (Multithreaded) is specified. Otherwise, undefined.

	_NATIVE_WCHAR_T_DEFINED
 Defined as 1 when the /Zc:wchar_t compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_OPENMP
 Defined as integer literal 200203, representing the date of the OpenMP specification implemented by Visual C++, if the /openmp (Enable OpenMP 2.0 Support) compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	C++
	// _OPENMP_dir.cpp  
	// compile with: /openmp   
	#include <stdio.h>   
	int main() {  
	   printf("%d\n", _OPENMP);  
	}  

	_PREFAST_
 Defined as 1 when the /analyze compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	__TIMESTAMP__
 Defined as a string literal that contains the date and time of the last modification of the current source file, in the abbreviated, constant length form returned by the C Runtime Library asctime function, for example, Fri 19 Aug 13:32:58 2016. This macro is always defined.

	_VC_NODEFAULTLIB
 Defined as 1 when the /Zl (Omit Default Library Name) compiler option is set. Otherwise, undefined.

	_WCHAR_T_DEFINED
 Defined as 1 when the default /Zc:wchar_t compiler option is set. The _WCHAR_T_DEFINED macro is defined but has no value if the /Zc:wchar_t- compiler option is set, and wchar_t is defined in a system header file included in your project. Otherwise, undefined.



	_WINRT_DLL
 Defined as 1 when compiled as C++ and both /ZW (Windows Runtime Compilation) and /LD or /LDd compiler options are set. Otherwise, undefined.

Preprocessor macros used to determine the ATL or MFC library version are not predefined by the compiler. These macros are defined in the headers for the library, so they are undefined in preprocessor directives before the required header is included.

	_ATL_VER
 Defined in <atldef.h> as an integer literal that encodes the ATL version number.

	MFC_VER
 Defined in <afxver_.h> as an integer literal that encodes the MFC version number.